LEARN MORE PUBG ENGLISH (GLOBAL) PLAY NOW GAME INFO OVERVIEW MAPS WEAPONS VEHICLES ARCADE BATTLEGROUNDS PLUS PUBG UNIVERSE NEWS EVENTS EVENT NEWS Use redeem code PUBG Asia Stars Bridge MEDIA COMMUNITY SUPPORT Steam Epic Games PlayStation Xbox PC CONSOLE Patch Notes - Update 40.2 PATCH NOTES 2026.03.10 GO BACK TO LIST 40.2 Highlights Live Maintenance Schedule (UTC) ※ The times shown below are subject to change. PC: March 11, 00:00 - 08:30 Console: March 19, 01:00 - 09:00 Map Service Check out the Map Service Report - Update 40.2 for the latest info on regional map preferences and rotations! ※ Please note that the features and updates described below are subject to change or removal due to issues such as bugs, in-game problems, and community feedback. The images are intended as visual references only; the actual game may look different as the builds are continually developed and refined before release. PUBG: 9th Anniversary Hello players! PUBG is turning 9 and it’s time to jump in and celebrate with us. Thank you to all the players who have stood by the battlegrounds for the past nine years! Through countless battles, victories, and unforgettable moments, you’ve shaped PUBG into what it is today. Now, all of those moments come together as the Battlegrounds turn into a celebration. Drop in, gear up, and be part of the party! Party on the Battlegrounds A special 9th Anniversary statue awaits you on the starting island! Before the match begins, throw a Holographic Stun Grenade at the statue. After a certain number of successful hits, the statue will transform into your character’s appearance. The 9th Anniversary character statue and Holographic Stun Grenade can be found on the starting island of all maps. Applies to Normal Match and Ranked. Look to the skies! A spectacular drone show will light up the battlefield in celebration of PUBG’s 9th Anniversary, adding even more brilliance to the festivities. Applies to Normal Match, Ranked, and Custom Match - Normal Mode. Celebrate the 9th Anniversary in Rondo Experience the festive atmosphere all across Rondo! A mysterious Chicken Man has been sighted throughout Rondo. Hunt down the runaway Chicken Man and secure a Lucky Egg as your reward. Spin, Spin, Spin the 9th Anniversary Draw! In addition to defeating Chicken Man, Lucky Eggs can also be obtained randomly through the 9th Anniversary Draw. The 9th Anniversary Draw can be found at all three Rondo 9th Anniversary Pop-up Store locations, so be sure to stop by and spin! Lucky Egg allow you to obtain one random item out of a total of thirteen, including weapons, Level 3 gear, and a special 9th Anniversary Ghillie Suit (Party). Applies to Normal Match, Ranked, and Custom Match - Normal Mode. To commemorate the anniversary, containers and Care Packages across Rondo have been specially decorated. Don’t miss the celebratory touches scattered throughout the Battlegrounds! * Specially decorated Supply Crates celebrating the 9th Anniversary can now be found across all maps. Commemorative billboards in collaboration with ALLDAY PROJECT and our partners have been added. Additionally, be sure to look above Rondo Stadium for a special gift prepared by the Director. Keep an eye out for 9th Anniversary celebration messages throughout the map! World: Vikendi Area Modifications All locked doors that were originally designed to be opened using Crowbars in certain buildings have been replaced with standard doors. Crowbar storage and Crowbar that spawned within them have been removed. Spawn Changes We’ve rebalanced item spawns across the map The items below have been added to the list of items that spawn in Secret Rooms. Jammer Pack Emergency Pickup Folded Shield Mountain Bike Mortar All-In-One Repair Kit Stun Gun Zipline Gun Emergency Cover Flare Applies to both Normal Match and Custom Match - Normal Mode. Overall item types and spawn rates from Cabinets across Vikendi have been adjusted. Applies to Normal Match, Ranked and Custom Match (PC) UGC Alpha Creator Information Feature Added A new feature has been added allowing creators to designate and verify the original author of a mode (file) ‘Edit Manager > Settings > Creator’ tab has been added. ‘Creator' tab provides the following settings. Take Creator Role Mode Name Mode Version Mode Description Mode Tags ※ The previous ‘Edit Manager > Load > CREATOR tab’ has been removed. Subzero items have been added to UGC Mode BZ Grenade Launcher 40mm BZ Grenade Frost Zone Bomb Thermal Protection Suit Arcade Team Deathmatch ※ The following updates apply to Custom Match as well. Map selection probabilities have been readjusted. Intense Battle Royale ※ The following updates apply to Custom Match as well. To enhance the Intense Battle Royale combat experience during matches, we have adjusted the contents of certain crates. Three shotguns (S686, S1897, and S12K) have been added to the list of items obtainable from the Red Supply Drops. Level 2 Helmets and Level 2 Vests have been added to the list of items obtainable from the Yellow Supply Drops. The scope provided when using the DMR/SR Random Weapon Crate has been changed from 6x to 8x. Workshop New item sets have been added to the Hunter's Chest and Archivist's Chest. Honey Bee Survivor Pass: Moghoul Rampage Workshop: Aston Martin The iconic British automobile manufacturer Aston Martin has returned to the PUBG: Battlegrounds Workshop! Check out the March Store Update 2026 announcement for all the ins and outs! Pass EVENT PASS: ALL DAY PARTY March marks PUBG’s 9th Anniversary, and you can get the party started with a free Event Pass and special rewards! Simply log in during the event to receive ‘Event Pass: All Day Party’ for free! Check out the upcoming PUBG 9th Anniversary Events announcement for all the details on this and other great events and giveaways! Bug Fixes Gameplay Fixed an issue where Smoke Grenade’s smoke color would change abruptly depending on the character’s position. Fixed an issue where watching an AI group emote on the starting island would not end properly, causing the emote BGM to continue playing after the AI stopped. Fixed an issue where placing an Emergency Pickup in terrain gaps would place it below the surface and fail to call the plane. Fixed an issue where playing your own emote while ‘Join / Watch Group Emote’ with another player’s emote would result in both emote BGMs playing simultaneously. Fixed an issue where the Folded Shield skin was not applied when obtained via ‘Load Gear Set’ in the Training mode. Fixed an issue where the “Eject” interaction would not appear if the Recall flight path was located in a non-playable area when returning to a match via Blue Chip registration. (PC) Fixed an issue where prone players were momentarily displayed as floating in midair. World Fixed collision, texture, performance, and some other general Vikendi issues. Fixed an issue where the mini-map in the Boatyard area of Erangel in Team Deathmatch mode was incorrectly displayed as the Erangel: Subzero mini-map. UX/UI (PC) Fixed an issue where changes made in ‘Settings – Key Bindings – Vehicle’ were not reflected in the Key Guide. Items & Skins ※ Clipping issue: Graphics that are shown outside the visible part of an image/object. Fixed an issue where the back of the character’s head became transparent when wearing the Aston Martin Jacket with the Snowbound Mask. Fixed an issue where the male character’s ankle became transparent when wearing XingHun's Tiger Starfire Cargo Pants with Snow Angel Boots. Fixed an issue where the character’s thigh became partially transparent when wearing Ailee's Leggings with certain pants. Fixed a clipping issue on the character's waist when wearing the Toon Raider Denim Pants with certain tops. Fixed an issue where the penguin ornament was displayed abnormally when riding in the passenger seat of a Buggy while wearing the Tiny Terror Backpack (Level 3). PUBG: BATTLEGROUNDS Team. PREV PC CONSOLE Map Service Report - Update 40.2 ANNOUNCEMENT 2026.03.10 NEXT PC CONSOLE March Store Update 2026 Welcome to the third Store Update of 2026! ANNOUNCEMENT 2026.03.10 | PRIVACY POLICY | TERMS OF SERVICE | RULES OF CONDUCT | CONTENT CREATION GUIDELINE | PUBG Mods Policy | COOKIE PREFERENCES © 2026 KRAFTON, INC. PUBG IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OR SERVICE MARK OF KRAFTON, INC. UTC 2026.09.14 20:22:30